Servus people welcome to a new one
video our tokio travel start
essential security controls and
By now we are in duty free
Area
I think even a passport control
in front of us are also relatively well in the
time still rail strike and then
driving with the train and sugar
belated and and we have it
We made it on time at the airport
arrived suitcase delivered everything drum
and turn on and nice if he is still one
bit hungry in any case
to eat something else
you definitely want to stay in
VIP area a bit shopping in addition
I probably did not know
alcohol was not there always been more
exotic
So I do not really need anything then
because of the prices it takes
that's nothing great
maybe a little chocolate for
take the flight or so but well me
definitely have such a hunger somehow
Here's a sandwich or something
to pick something
You could also like burger king
Holiday since you can only in any case
a little bit more I have here now
nobody saw no citizen
brother but maybe behind the
passport controls the screen no
have accordingly then goes on
from frankfurt to istanbul have one
stay a bit and at some point
at night it goes on
tokio in total i believe in 20 hours in
the
In the air, I think so around the turn
not quite but very long
long but yes
what needs that must therefore continue
it's
to say that in genetic long ago
should begin
but it does not have that yet
Yes
Here we go
and 4
this
Now the have heard that Roddick
finally starts
half an hour late accordingly
the bears are going
the snake
the people stretch occurs since 1 go
it goes in the direction
we have not arrived yet
really we have our stopover
competed
namely in istanbul ataturk airport
By the way, very very nice airport
so i wish that
it's all right and so
beautifully constructed the four areas he is
enormously beautiful, there is a huge selection
Things that you can buy all the way
different in frankfurt
We have two hours here
Stay and then it works
the direction of tokyo will be eleven hours
flew my life and have easy
and feel good because I am
never flew so long ago but what
fashion instead of mother I'm really happy
on tokyo we already have a few
people also hit tokyo
fly with the interest found and
even a japanese yano means he plays
soccer near stuttgart
because Dorndorf maybe know that
one or the other of you pretty nice
young guy and even next to us in the
plane and possibly will have
already met someone in japan
We're on tour with it a bit
will go
that's definitely cool with
being on the move is one
yes enormously good thing now even one
Maybe I'll come back
grow at star
the latte or something and will be quite
important fact now, however, to
But then we will be a sweatpants
wear because for the eleven hours
I really need something comfortable
many are in tokyo at last
landed after eleven hours flight was
extremely exhausting that eleven hours in the
plane
I do not want to be a mimosa now but
that does not work on the bones
you can not say otherwise but
we flew turkish trouble and
the service was really very good
So I can only really airline
recommend that is not for nothing three
or four times in a row europe
So the best airline has become fast
pot in any case
and now that we are in the marita am
airport now have our money here
changed
the big thing would be good now
did not think
usually the course is at the airport
a little bit worse and
then we have several options like
we go to tokyo in the city
you can come with various
fast trains we have now
decided for bus because it is easy
Cheap is only 1000 yen that is
converted to 78 euros and the ride
takes 60 to 70 minutes and we have
We also have a three days
subway ticket got something on offer here
that is brand new i had myself
read in a bit earlier
the underground mediensysteme troupe is a
bit complicated because of it
There are different companies
not like Germany where it is
somehow equal to the rmv or the
hwb or kvg and so on and so forth
are in different associations in the
there are two regions and you have to
always buy single tickets I thought
but now there are new ones
ticket with the one stop the complete
through a system
from the different ones
operators and they are also unlimited
So you can drive the whole day
Twice three days tickets brought and
that is really good because it is
just not that complicated
I hope you can follow me and ours
bus is coming with us right now
drive into the city
tocio centralstation and from it
then either walk or go
then take the metro to our
hotel and then we look what we got
In the evening, we'll be there
bit of jetlag actually with us now
i believe 14 o'clock it should be in now
Germany and we have 21 here
clock would have to look something like that
the time difference of nine hours
and accordingly we will see if we
wake up a bit longer during the night
stay up and get up for the morning though
to all not further blogs us
make us first on the way direction
Tokyo